[Music]
[Applause]
we cannot be missing from our children's
lives they are ours to protect public
dancing among Beaumont miners will be in
violation of the law
[Music]
I appreciate you taking me here I really
want to pull my own weight around here
if you can get this baby running she's
all you're worth
okay the door sticks and the gas pedals
missing a couple of the hey it's a
fixer-upper
[Music]
you think everybody's cute hey watch
where you don't know guys my man didn't
see it where are you from you talk funny
I talk funny
you should hit you from my end stop
Lanham Willard
rent call that attitude you wanna say
something what am i grounded do I gotta
go to prison what am I gonna do with you
there's nothing to do daddy this is it
three years ago five seniors died in the
car crash coming home from the dance and
that's when the whole town went crazy
you want to go out and get some cheap
thrill you'd do it outside of hope they
can I could do so maybe I have a shot of
making a change I don't want you to see
that point why because I've heard he's
trouble watch that attitude sir no
we speak for this town because we are
from here I know you got to do what you
got to do but that ain't gonna stop it
from happening
there was once the time for that walk
but not anymore this is our time
[Applause]
we can come here to dance
[Music]
you